Add pseudoinstruction: sext.b, sext.h, zext.b, zext.h and zext.w (#61)
riscv/riscv-asm-manual: riscv-asm.md

not rd, rs                   | xori rd, rs, -1                                               | One’s complement
neg rd, rs                   | sub rd, x0, rs                                                | Two’s complement
negw rd, rs                  | subw rd, x0, rs                                               | Two’s complement word

> sext.b rd, rs                | slli rd, rs, XLEN - 8; srai rd, rd, XLEN - 8                  | Sign extend byte | It will expand another instruction sequence when B extension is available*[1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sext.b rd, rs                | slli rd, rs, XLEN - 8; srai rd, rd, XLEN - 8                  | Sign extend byte | It will expand to another instruction sequence when B extension is available*[1]
```

> sext.h rd, rs                | slli rd, rs, XLEN - 16; srai rd, rd, XLEN - 16                | Sign extend half word | It will expand another instruction sequence when B extension is available*[1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sext.h rd, rs                | slli rd, rs, XLEN - 16; srai rd, rd, XLEN - 16                | Sign extend half word | It will expand to another instruction sequence when B extension is available*[1]
```

sext.w rd, rs                | addiw rd, rs, 0                                               | Sign extend word
zext.b rd, rs                | andi rd, rs, 255                                              | Zero extend byte

> zext.h rd, rs                | slli rd, rs, XLEN - 16; srli rd, rd, XLEN - 16                | Zero extend half word | It will expand another instruction sequence when B extension is available*[1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
zext.h rd, rs                | slli rd, rs, XLEN - 16; srli rd, rd, XLEN - 16                | Zero extend half word | It will expand to another instruction sequence when B extension is available*[1]
```

> zext.w rd, rs                | slli rd, rs, XLEN - 32; srli rd, rd, XLEN - 32                | Zero extend word | It will expand another instruction sequence when B extension is available*[1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
zext.w rd, rs                | slli rd, rs, XLEN - 32; srli rd, rd, XLEN - 32                | Zero extend word | It will expand to another instruction sequence when B extension is available*[1]
```

tail offset                  | auipc x6, offset[31:12]; jalr x0, x6, offset[11:0]            | Tail call far-away subroutine
fence                        | fence iorw, iorw                                              | Fence on all memory and I/O

> * [1] We don't specific code sequence for B-extension, since B-extension still not ratified or frozen, we'll specify the expansion sequence once it's frozen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [1] We don't specify the code sequence when the B-extension is present, since B-extension still not ratified or frozen. We will specify the expansion sequence once it's frozen.
```
